Restructure and improve modding docs (#134)
R2Northstar/ModdingDocs: docs/source/squirrel/intro.rst

Primitive Types
========================

Squirrel has similar primitive types to most programming languages like java or C.

Integer
------

The keyword to initialize an int in squirrel is ``int``. It represents a 32-bit whole number.
It is declared like this:

.. code-block:: javascript

    int number = 5

They can be assigned expressions

.. code-block:: javascript

    number = 5 + 10 - 5

> Alternatively you can also write the number in HEX code or as a single ASCII character with ''

Author: done

.. code-block:: javascript

    number = 'c' // IS VALID
    number = "c" // NOT VALID

Build in functions to cast ab integer:

.. cpp:function:: float integer.tofloat()

.. cpp:function:: string integer.tostring()

.. cpp:function:: string integer.tochar()

Float 
-----

Floats are non whole numbers, they are declared with the ``float`` keyword.

.. code-block:: javascript

    float number = 5.69420

> You can also assing fractions but you need to use floasts in those too:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also assign fractions but you need to use decimal points:
```

.. code-block:: javascript

    float number = 5.0/2.0 // has the value 2.5
    float number = 5/2 // Will compile BUT with value 2

> Build in functions to cast a float:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Built-in functions to cast floats to other types:
```

.. cpp:function:: int float.tointeger()

.. cpp:function:: string float.tostring()

.. cpp:function:: string float.tochar()

Boolean 
-------

Booleans are a value that either represent ``true`` or ``false`` and are declared with the keyword ``bool``

> Build in functions to changes typed of a variable for integers are 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

this line seems wrong?

.. code-block:: javascript

    bool TrueOrFalse = true

> They can also accept expressions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They can also accept comnparison expressions, which return a boolean
```

.. code-block:: javascript

    bool TrueOrFalse = 1 == 2

> Build in functions to cast a boolean:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Built-in functions to cast a boolean:
```

.. cpp:function:: int boolean.tointeger()

    returns ``1`` or ``0`` 

.. cpp:function:: string bolean.tostring()

    returns ``"true"`` or ``"false"``

.. cpp:function:: float boolean.tofloat()

    returns ``1.0`` or ``0.0``

For all previous types you can also cast them by using the ``type( variable )`` notation:

.. code-block:: javascript

>     int number = int ( "5" ) 

Reviewer: this should be mentioned at the start, above the specific types

Variables
----

Variables that can represent any type (complex or primitive) can be initialized with the keyword ``var``

> There are no build in functions for ``var``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no built-in functions for ``var``.
```
though i dont get how this makes sense? why would there be functions for a keyword?

Reviewer 2: OOP language moment maybe?

Reviewer: even in OOP languages (at least anz i have seen), keywords don't have functions on them. best i can do is keyword generics.

Author: its about casting to var LOL

Reviewer 2: probably worth specifying then

Author: most of this new stuff was written at 3 am, I am not gonna pretend I knew what I was doing, gonna change the stentence later.

To convert a type to other types you can use the ``expect`` keyword.

.. code-block:: javascript

    var numberVar = 2

>     int numberInt = expect int(numberVar)

Reviewer: This should be combined with the casting section at the start of the types section

Global variables and functions
-------

> Often when creating a mod you need to access a ``variable`` or a ``function`` from another file, this can be achieved by using the ``global`` keyword.
> Global variables are just like regular variables and are declared the same way just with the keyword ``global`` in front of it.
> However they need to be declared at the very beginning of the file, but only in one file. NOT in all of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a mod, you might want to allow other files or mods to access a ``variable`` or a ``function``, this can be achieved by declaring them using the ``global`` keyword.
They act like any other variable or function, but can be accessed from any other file or mod. They should be declared at the top of your file, and have a unique name which doesn't appear as a global in any other file, mod, or built-in squirrel code.
```
this way of explaining it makes more sense imo. feel free to change it though.
